Unknown 0:01
Now that we're getting hopefully normal again, we can get back to COVID stuff now. So we kind of, you kind of have the word out in the street about who's looking to leave, and you might get interested in some of them. But I'm not the guy that's going to go to high school games, oh, I want that kid. I'm going to talk to my students. There's rules against it. It was just bad business was repellers.

Unknown 0:37
How much do you factor in like, Exos side of things? Like how long because I'm a little bit more of an

Unknown 0:42
older school coach. I want our kids not to go to college. I want to be prepared. So when they go to college, they understand offense and defensive schemes. Yeah. It's probably a times have hurt us in labor to hear, but it does well, for them to be more successful college. Yeah. You know, for for a kid. So many kids just go play, and all of a sudden they get close. Yeah, I don't know what a different type of cut is. What happened? So growing up under stupider? I did. Yeah. So that's how I treat. It's hard. It's

Unknown 1:32
because it's different. It's different, but it is also. That's why some made in college and some don't. And what about the relationship among the coaches? Whether you guys collegiality about it, or at this stage is all about.

Unknown 1:59
It's both. I mean, it really is, I mean, we're trying to launch on the competitive wouldn't be in this conference. But as we build growth of this week, we have coaches conference, to start to make more rules to have more handbooks to get into because it's going to change now that he's on. So we want to make sure that we are treating each other because you'll get to a point where we develop lower level players into higher level players because that's who we are. And some of those players could get treated by another school very easily. And some of the higher level players that might be on the benches and a mockingbird or img that are like their sixth and seventh man they might want to come to me because they could probably play more minutes. So we just have to all work together. Because I know that one of my guys reached out they reached out but it's been a great reference so far. So hard to get schools from different areas to work together. Florida's rules are different than religious build some difference? Because you played against much movement but there has been there hasn't been a player. But we're just trying to establish it as the best conference in the country. So we want to have all our ducks. We can just feel because we're all veterans. We know that will eventually happen. So we want to have in place to prevent to prevent I think we got good enough guys. Namaste questions we

Unknown 5:02
want to ask?

Unknown 5:07
It's been fun. You guys tell me what is this piece for? What are you doing this, we're trying to learn more about you guys, because we're so interested. Our whole thing is like youth sports, like we were really interested in how like media and how it's evolving. So you guys are perfect for like, your school and your basketball program are evolving with the times. So trying to learn more information about you guys, how these athletes are gonna progress the college and stuff like that. That's mainly that's our goal is to just learn, absorb information. They're most mostly teaching our seniors, to seniors, and this is their capstone is what it's called, recording project. And they get me into an experience where they graduate, and they kind of come out putting they worked on so that they can then, like, show it off to potential employers. And there's so many young people like yourself in this new conference, that we hosted our term. Limited guys, just like you were doing the same thing, you know, they had just from school, and they were dealing with the social media aspect of this is, like for older people like myself, I've watched it adapt from nothing to now I'm 51 years old. And

Unknown 6:32
when I first started, there wasn't any of this. It didn't make any sense. And so it's hard for guys like us. That's solid, productive at the beginning to watch a change

Unknown 6:46
I'm having to adapt to also so that the staff I've hired to help me, I'd make sure they were better at it than me because I have no clue. Nothing stuff. Something that I need them to help teach me. So I can do my job with my assistants to get them off to their next job. So I'm looking for

Unknown 7:09
I'm trying to gather it all together. And one of my guys said losses. As a former player at Montrose will probably never see this again. Dr. Hodges I never forget.

Unknown 7:25
Okay, I'll listen to my professors now. Your entire career now can start off one viral video. Yeah. And we were like, Oh, who was that Katie's are doing crazy. And it's just so different. We're just

Unknown 7:44
getting retired. I got a video from 610. From Cameron, Dr. Senegal is living in Italy. Wow. He's got a video of the tire, put up a wall and he's shooting on it. dunking on it on the top of a rooftop. Looks like it's like eight storeys on top of this

Unknown 8:07
looks like the most dangerous to come to your school. And not just immediately school whatever. But that little thing, right? Exactly two years ago, I would have never gotten yeah

Unknown 9:34
He was the right way would you keep him in school? So me and my wife adopted? Well, we've got guardianship. So that's incredible. Yeah. So like how much we can learn about different like, basketball cultures and like there's so much you can just like see now it's like not in a documentary just like people's like, Instagram story what they're doing. Yeah, well, there is like really, you know, like, wherever country and you're out and like, it's crazy. And all of us grew up here. Yeah, right. And you go experience to sit down with like Vilius when you be bilious from Lithuania, and hear a little bit about his background. It's pretty interesting. Kid last year, we had Nestor Diotrephes Moscow just incredible kid has a different outlook. I actually thought he was a Russian spy. Oh my god he's but just to sit down and hear what it's like. Right? What it's really like, and now it's more prevalent because it could be a war day, right? Yeah. Right. Like, they already have established like connections, whether it be like AAU are just like other shows. It's almost individual. Yeah. How do you handle that? If you have like a new a newer

Unknown 11:09
kid coming in that doesn't know a lot of people. We handle it a lot. A lot of the International kids it's two things. Well,

Unknown 11:20
as we said during colder than

Unknown 11:21
state, you can be able to get back

Unknown 11:23
in so our guys like nasrat state. But most of the time it's they go. A lot of times the kids from Africa that can't afford to go back home, back and forth, back and forth. So they usually stay

Unknown 11:39
hard though for a coach to do it was strictly International is your Miss mixing different languages different verbiage and sometimes it takes a lot longer to gel. So what Nestor for example from Moscow he was brilliant math English came door and then we have AJ coaches the second team he needs from coach them on verb which is in the conference. He also coached University of Maryland Eastern Shore he's with us now set your complaint for me international gentlemen Broto in his life that were there and then we have a floater on the outside that comes in if one of them was to get sick or had a family issue seven typical so we have 556 And then the one storms like right by the score okay Walker we have some songs Yeah, there are two but should you have the ability like a like a typical high school like if you want to call a kid up from the other team to join your team? Can you do that? We'll do some of the things that gets done and obviously We we normally have there has to be they have to contact us. We don't go out. Yeah What's the biggest adjustment you've made since since been? The region, the area On your way to get used to about fairly small division, but because there's no proteins, Frostburg is right down the road. It's just different during COVID Yeah. Yeah. A lot of money and then there's the school like you know anything about that They will send you in a loop right before company graduate and for COVID He took the job he was doing Should we didn't come on targets you know? A few free throws

This transcript was generated by https://otter.ai